---
title: 'PFHub: The Phase Field Community Hub'
tags:
  - phase-field
  - materials-science
  - jekyll-website
  - reproducible-science
authors:
  - name: Daniel Wheeler
    orcid: 0000-0002-2653-7418
    affiliation: 1
  - name: Trevor Keller
    orcid: 0000-0002-2920-8302
    affiliation: 1
affiliations:
 - name: >
     Materials Science and Engineering Division,
     National Institute of Standards and Technology,
     Gaithersburg MD
   index: 1
date: 1 March 2019
bibliography: paper.bib
---



# Summary


Small scientific communities often require web infrastructure for
sharing and displaying data tailored to specific needs. The approach
used by the PFHub framework uses existing tools to provide a workflow
for uploading and viewing data requiring only a limited outlay on
custom development and configuration. The PFHub framework currently
supports phase field practitioners and code developers participating
in an effort to improve quality assurance for phase field codes. The
main thrust of this effort is the generation of a set of [standardized
benchmark problems](@JOKISAARI2017139, @JOKISAARI2018336) along with a
web framework for uploading and comparing benchmark results.

# Context

The phase field method (PFM) describes material interfaces at the
mesoscopic scale bridging the gap between atomic scale models and
macro scale models. The PFM is well established and there are many
code bases available for solving the governing equionats. However,
many of these codes have been developed by separate groups without a
great deal of cross collaboration and community code development
across institutions. PFHub is a community effort spearheaded by the
Center for Hierarchical Materials Design and the National Institute of
Standards and Technology to support the development of phase field
codes. The effort involves participants[] from a number of institution
with expertise in the phase field method and developers of open source
phase field codes. The The effort alos involves biyearly meetings
among st the benchmark, website developers and code developers to
improve cross-collaboration on phase field code development to help
improve the benchmark problems and website effort.


# Website

# Benchmarks

This talk gives a general overview of the community phase field effort
and then focuses on the development of the web framework. The talk
addresses the workflow used for comparing and contrasting benchmark
results as well as the question of how to adopt existing cloud and web
infrastructure for small scientific communities.


Introduce phase field and describe the benchmarks

# Acknowledgements

Acknowlege MGI funding???

# References
